hello everyone and welcome to the
introductory episode of the james and
nick patron podcast we're gonna have to
come up with a name for this maybe the
patron podcast yeah um i'm james i'm
nick and this is gonna be a regular
weekly thing that we do um we're not
just going to be talking about things
you know patron related but also going
to be talking about things
um
topics and stuff like that and we'll be
just for patrons just for you guys
because there's thousands of you now
so we need exclusive content
yeah we want stuff to be able to go out
to just patrons yeah um so this is
and the podcast has been something that
you know hasn't been super heavily
demanded but there have been some
loyalists who have been holding out yeah
uh while we do our weird hiatuses uh we
definitely do this is definitely it
would be the third season
of the podcast
i mean if you count the ones we did
years ago we don't
yeah but if you did i mean this would be
like season eight yeah um um we just
fell out of touch uh with everyone uh
last year for you know if you've been
following james like you probably know
why yeah everything with my mom uh so i
think we put out an episode or two in
january and that was that was about it i
think we recorded one before my mom
right before my mom passed
um but let's not get on up yeah off on a
sad note been busy beavers busy bees
uh very busy very distractible so we
haven't had a whole lot of time to sit
down and do the podcast i think we sort
of looked at each other and we're like
yeah
in april we'll start doing them again
and we're on that trajectory so
i don't even remember saying april but
sure yeah it's like when these next few
videos slow down because we've been
putting videos out of crazy keolis last
few months yeah for the over the last
two months we put out five videos that's
insane not including my my patron
yeah video
um my explaining youtube's dickery video
but it's been five videos in two months
so
that is
a lot when you're used to putting out
one video
and none of them have been like
a 10 minute video or anything like that
even the short one ended up being 20
minutes yeah that was the
science of the sounds of the mouse
no no i mean that one was even a half
hour but the short one was the um
dumbledore
dumbledore grindeldore grindledore the
short one was grindeldore
and uh
that one is doing incredibly well i'm
really happy that is because like we
were both kind of like it's a new format
like a new kind of video format so we
were really nervous to see how it was
going to play out yeah and it was also
the first video to come out after the
big patron surge
and
i didn't real like the video is 20
minutes long but the video is 28 minutes
long because it's an eight-minute patron
scroll and there are so many comments of
people just being like i can't believe
the last third of this video is all
patrons yeah so i have um i bought a new
plug-in for final cut that will let me
do like three rows three rows nice
patrons okay it's not a you know eight
or nine minute scroll at the end of the
video
um it'll just be like a two-minute
scroll
which
which is still super long because
there's been probably another 200
patrons have come on since that video
went out it's been crazy just like the
thought process going behind exactly
like the shift from like we need to
basically are we allowed to do swears on
this oh yeah this is only for we're
allowed to we need to suck youtube's
dick uh basically and go from you know
sucking our patrons decks um
which i would much prefer to not be
sucking off the dicks of corporatist
swine if i suck it like it's going to be
for a friendly face you know
because like this year has been so weird
because
it's
the weirdest year like i it's been like
five years in four
months um but it basically started out
with my mom dying and she she
that was through assisted suicide so it
was really weird because it was planned
there was a date there was a party
happening at the same time like a going
away party there was
and like people drinking and laughing
and having a good time and then you know
me and robin my mom and my dad and the
doctor went into my mom's bedroom
and she died
as there was a party going on outside
the door kind of celebrating her life
kind of thing it was which is a really
weird way to go but at the same time i
feel like it's really more comforting i
think it's so much more comforting than
like dying in a hospital bed or
something like that like you're
literally
you're you're going
surrounded by people who care i um i
haven't been to a whole lot of funerals
i know you've been more to me but like
i've been into like three
more than me i've been to one um it was
drab um
i have been around people for whom their
loved ones are dying so i've had lots of
proxy death
and
all my funerals have been irish funerals
which are basically like you go to the
church it's sad and then everybody
drinks yeah um this seems like the the
we're calling it a living wake as per
the film yeah hopefully gonna make about
it
um
uh catherine o'hara if you're listening
uh call us if you're a patron
i'd love to cast you in a movie
um
we're calling it a living wake and i i
can see it being a much
better tradition than like any like than
the kind of death approach to death we
do have i agree and i mean like this
might be a controversial topic but like
and if you have a terminal disease
in my brain it's like
go out on your own terms don't don't
waste away like go out when you're not
like my mom at the end was pretty wasted
away from what she had been just a year
prior yeah but it would have gotten a
whole lot it wasn't going to get any
easier from there yeah and so she was
like no i'm going now
and like even even at the
the wake people were like she seems fine
i'm like there's there's not a lot she's
not telling people well yeah there were
a lot of people
uh especially people who hadn't been in
her life for a little while
and they were like she seems fine and
like me having obviously been in her
life my entire life
i i was able to say like
no a year ago this was completely
different yeah um like my mom visiting
two years ago
versus my mom coming up this past
november completely different people
yeah especially your mom was exceptional
putting on a brave face for people like
she didn't want to be an inconvenience
to people she didn't want to be a
trouble for people yeah like she
expected like two or three people to
show up at this like going away thing
and it ended up being a packed house
yeah yeah um
we i think we were past covet capacity
at some points depending on who was
there oh beyond nobody was wearing masks
and some people weren't vaccinated i
don't know how nobody got sick i think
we did kind of i think we got a very
weak variant of kovid because we but we
threw that uh cold back and forth that
had called back and forth and that was
like and we had both gotten coveted
early on in 2020 we think we both got
vaccinated double vaccinated we've been
treated as soon as possible as soon as
possible yeah like the like we drove
like an hour out of our way because the
vaccination was taking so long yeah but
um that was in the summer
yeah that was a while ago um and i just
want to say like this we you said it's
been five years since um uh january 2022
we're in 2022 right yeah
okay for some reason earlier i thought
we're in 2023 um but
um that's what i mean but it's weird
january two years
february a month
yeah not even like a week like like
because february was basically
nothing two things happened in february
the big things happened but it went by
so quickly in february like
there was the whole
uh life insurance thing started
happening where it was like my mom
wanted me to get this portion of her
life insurance specifically so i could
make a movie so that i could you know
make my dreams come true and all that
kind of stuff
and then kind of coming to the
realization early that
rbc insurance is gonna [ __ ] me yeah and
[ __ ] my dad
and
like i just i knew it just by the way
they were talking yeah and the way they
were going about things i was trying to
be i was trying to be positive yeah i
was not yeah um one of us one of us had
to be i wrote them off very early on so
that when i actually got the
confirmation that they were [ __ ] us
over
it was less
i am angry
and more like okay now i get to be
spiteful but anyway uh sorry
um i'm just trying to go through a
timeline
um oh time doesn't exist it's a
construct honey let's do it at all
so like i realized okay that's not gonna
happen i
let's see if we can
start an indiegogo
to make two short films final girl and
the vampire three thousand dollars each
the money is only to pay the actors yeah
um we'll shoot with the cameras i have
we'll shoot with the equipment we have
um and that's that
and i put up the indiegogo
and by the end of it it went up for two
months from uh april
or uh february 15th to april 15th
and it raised like 85 000 within 48
hours we were floored we had surpassed
the goal we had surpassed the goal
within an hour really the six thousand
dollar goal was gone in an hour uh the
the last i posted it we went to costco
by the time we left costco i checked it
and we were at like 10 grand yeah and
you were in tears yeah like i was
driving home like wiping tears in my
eyes because i was like how did this
happen because in my brain i was like
oh my god i get i can expand the budget
so that we can pay people i just want to
take a time to sort of address a lot of
like the financial stuff here because
like you know at the same time that you
were basically writing off the insurance
policy from your mom and kind of were
super anxious about how am i going to
fund these films how am i going to
support my dad uh well yeah like my dad
gastric bypass like all of these things
that you had been looking forward to
that you were gonna and also you know
taking some of that money and putting it
into a film
um the indiegogo was like the first step
to kind of really being like okay we're
not [ __ ] well yeah because and at the
same time
for context
two we had put out two video two youtube
videos at this point yeah when we put
out the indiegogo
one of them was super successful and
youtube demonetizes the banana fish
video the second one was the scarlet
witch video which no that is my least
viewed video on my channel yeah like
just went nowhere and we were like oh
[ __ ]
so then the indiegogo went like crazy
mm-hmm and i was super excited about
that because it meant we could make the
movies but
i never budgeted into that a salary for
us yeah like it was like no we get paid
from youtube videos well yeah youtube
was [ __ ] us well yeah and like i
remember before you put out the call for
the patreon you were kind of like um i
want to be clear like you know i last
month was one of those really long
months where it was like years long
years past march took forever um just
because we were both
so stressed over like the income from
youtube because a lot of um our ability
to shoot these short films that we were
planning hinged on the ability to
sustain ourselves over the summer with
ancillary um money coming in yeah
youtube movie
income coming in from youtube videos
like that was the only way that was
because it was gonna work that was gonna
pay the rent and pay for groceries while
we shot these films with you know
donation money yeah because we weren't
we weren't paying ourselves for tellos
we were paying for the from youtube you
had so much fun doing those budgets oh i
still do
the other night when i decided vampire's
a feature film i went in and oh i
started doing math yeah more on that
later we'll talk about it um had so much
fun oh i love spreadsheets um i didn't
in business school i hated excel but
okay so like we
thought we binged um
what we do in the shadows over like
three days uh the tv show yeah once one
season per day um
james so happy that it got renewed james
calling me into his room to talk about
budgets was like a college robinson
like for me
like he'd be like guiding me through the
details of like the equations and
functions he had in the spreadsheet i'm
like look at this and this one i have
this i have this information and then it
refers to other information
in a different spreadsheet and it auto
updates yeah yeah it's happening to you
guys too now right um
there's someone who's like i know i know
what he's i know how he feels there's
someone who gets excited by spreadsheets
well colin robinson would um
oh my god i love that character
um but yeah like
so so march took forever yeah because we
were both super anxious and then like
and i was seeing like the indiegogo
continue to raise more and more and more
like i said get to that like 84 000 but
at the same time the problem was that
was telos money that wasn't
our living aren't living money meanwhile
youtube was just
falling it was that one night when they
demonetized to the the the
recent video yeah um so fast forward to
this month which is going by at a laser
pace yeah that was on the
12th
that i think that they demonetized two
videos
and just boom boom and they were the two
newest videos
which is where most of the bread and
butter comes from yeah with youtube the
newer videos which they have been
remonetized but they got most of their
views while demonetized and so
nothing really came of them but which is
incredibly infuriating it's infuriating
it's frustrating is it going to happen
again i don't know so like you know you
were kind of simultaneous like fury like
because like a maelstrom of emotions you
were just ra you were angry you were
like
in the email you get from youtube when
they come back and say like we have
remonetized them isn't like [ __ ] we're
sorry we made a [ __ ] up
it's congratulations we've decided your
videos can be monetized and i'm like so
like so like you were just like a ball
of anxiety and i was like i need to put
my head in the sand because i literally
that day bought a playstation 5. um so
like i was like half too anxious to
actually enjoy anything that i was
looking at the screen but i was just
kind of just going through the motions
yeah and then i just i came into your
room and i was like i need your ipad
yeah because i had put together a little
thing
and i was like i'm going to put out a
video and see if i can get some more
patrons and if not i'm going to have to
start looking for it like a job yeah
yeah the more patrons we have because
you know the more patrons that have the
less we depend on youtube yeah and so
then i put out the video
basically went to sleep
like and
woke up the next morning and we had gone
from
900 patrons to that to two almost two
thousand and now it's at i think twenty
three hundred well yeah like once again
a cost go again it's always a costco we
we went to costco and you were kinda
like we got back in the car and it was
like okay there are 500 notifications in
your email now yeah my email refreshed
and it was like the [ __ ]
it was i i still don't know how to feel
about it um
it's it's a weird feeling because it's
basically
because of
you guys
uh you guys and girls and everyone in
between uh [ __ ] and hoes
[ __ ] and bros non-binary hoes
go watch skate if you haven't it's
wonderful
um
because of you we now have the ability
to
put out videos
that we want to make if i was and this
is the weird thing if i was focused on
like i should only make videos that are
monetizable
i wouldn't have done a 20-minute video
that's basically just ranting about
secrets of dumbledore yeah and of course
that's doing fantastically but i
wouldn't have done it because i wouldn't
have think that it would have done well
yeah you know when you're when you get
paid for doing a certain thing you're
like okay i need to stick to format
stick to format stick to form like long
videos yeah because the longer the video
the more they the better they usually do
yeah because it's like okay what if we
wasted because the short videos hadn't
done super fantastically no um so it's
like this is and i hadn't put out a
video of this length since 2018. yeah so
like you know going like a video is a
lot of time and energy like you know you
got a comment talking about like if
youtube's not paying you enough then
just don't do it it's like put there's a
lot of energy that goes into these
things especially because you don't just
sit at a desk and talk to the camera
yeah um like we film like for the
pirates for the uh our flags mean death
flag means flag means death
um
video like
i joked on twitter that i i would only
do it if i could shoot it on a boat but
then i started thinking in my head how
can i make it look like it's on a boat
and so we had i ordered you know a
backdrop that was like old weathered
wood
and you know we had like you had a wine
bottle that looked like old-fashioned
and stuff like a rum bottle you were
like oh we can use some candles and then
i did find the got your old glass goblet
though so i'm sad we couldn't use that
but i actually thought yeah i did
and we were like okay we can light some
candles for like the lighting and then
like i was like oh let's put a blue
light through like a sphere not a sphere
like a tub of water we had like a
plastic decanter
i don't know it was like a rubbermaid
anyway so all of the video you know how
that like rippling effect that you see
shining on james that's nick that's my
arm i was so sore after
that's him pumping the water for an hour
at a time
just like you know nudging the thing my
arm was so sore
like i haven't seen anyone comment
just like
that was something while i was filming
it i was so proud at how much it looked
like you know water reflecting through a
window at night
um
but yeah but because we put like a lot
of effort into the editing um into the
theatrics like kind of talking about
delivery and stuff so like these are a
lot more theatrics that theatrical than
a lot of others yeah we go over the
scripts over and over again and it's
it's always funny because i never read
them
as we practice the way i read them on
camera yeah and you always expect it to
go one way and it always i'm like wow
then yeah i think it always goes a
different way because when i get on
camera that's when i kind of put on the
the guys yeah the airs performance
um
for camera um but yeah now thanks to you
guys we can do more experimental videos
like the the pocket gaze videos we can
continue to do the normal so much things
more relaxing to have that kind of
stability there like i yeah like the
thing i'm most excited about is
like i can do more videos like pink
triangles now i can do more videos like
making it big they're the ones that i
ping triangles and the gay panic defense
were rough to make but they're rewarding
on the other end yeah but like making it
big was so much fun to make yeah um
you got to put porn on youtube
well yeah like for a year for
a good year and a half they didn't have
it rated 18 plus
they do now because they kind of
went through my channel and they were
like nope nope nope nope
um
it's like deep cuts has finally been
demonetized
because there's gore in it but that went
for like a year
without them noticing
i mean like when it's um
yeah
i'm honestly surprised the dumbledore
video hasn't been
demonetized
well just because
the whole video is pirated footage
and i think it helps that you release it
on sunday after the video had been after
the movie had been out
like in theaters
so
yeah
but like it's almost all pirated footage
and
there's a lot of people in the comments
being like you know how dare you say
things that mean things about joanne
and you're on the wrong channel sorry so
it's like i'm surprised that it hasn't
been like reported or something like
that um
but you know fingers crossed doesn't
happen keep going
uh i mean like because there's really
nothing in there that hasn't been in the
trailers yeah there are some shots from
the end of the movie
they've been in the trailers really the
the whole fight between grindelwald and
dumbledore is in the trailers oh my god
warner brothers who used to be good at
this like they show the whole thing
like you can p it's not all there but
you can piece it together and it's all
there yeah
so it's like it's kind of it's kind of
so lame also so like i just remember
you've seen order of the phoenix
actually i think that's one harry potter
movie i don't think it's the the i don't
think i've seen five or six okay at the
end of five dumbledore and baltimore
have a fight in the ministry of magic
yeah and it is the best wizard fight in
any of the movies
and it's like
that's the bar now that's like the
empire strikes back do they do the
teleporting in the in the earlier movies
like the
okay i kind of liked that um but that's
like that's the empire strikes back
lightsaber fight like that's or duel of
the fates like that that's what
everything is measured by
and
like really you're putting dumbledore
and grindelwald against each other and
they just kind of zip zip around i i do
like the fight teleporting i think
that's a cool effect that's fine yeah i
just mean like but i also think like
this was both of the big magic fights in
this movie between dumbledore dumble
world
those two and then dumbledore and
credence they happened in like mirror
dimensions and like dream worlds where
like yeah one of the things the game
pocket dimensions yeah the gay pocket
dimensions uh where nothing happening
affected the real world and like there
are no consequences here yeah and you
know this movie was a case study in a
consequence i don't know i don't want to
talk about that [ __ ] movie
um
but yeah so now because of that we can
because of the patrons you guys coming
on board we can do more
do more experimental stuff do more
um
we we also don't have to panic as much
about playing to the algorithm because
we don't have to some of our biggest
burns have been like okay like trying to
plan a video like oh my god this thing
is coming out on this date we need to
make sure that this is relevant um you
know leading up to this for this
announcement yeah like even with our
flag our flag means death like i was
like we need to be the first one out and
we weren't we weren't the first person
to get one out but we were
one of the first
bigger queer youtube channels to get one
out
and i mean it's it's got like 130 000
views which is you know
i i complain about my view count and so
and a lot of queer youtubers are like
what i would do
to have those numbers when we talk about
um the lack of views even though it's
all about monetizing it's about
monetization it's about the ability for
us to sustain ourselves so that we
continue to do things keep in mind this
isn't just james getting paid this is
james and nick getting paid yeah so this
needs to support two people in an
apartment
if we had two apartments that would be
even harder
well yeah like yeah if we were both
paying separate rents um but you know
this patreon thing keeps up we might be
able to move out
move out what do you mean get our own
places i mean like we want to change
like relocate and stuff but well yeah
like my plan is not to sign new leases
here no no um
done with this east coast thing
but uh
yeah like i'm so excited at the prospect
of being able to do more
uh
like hard stuff like queer history and
things like that that just automatically
gets demonetized because it's like oh
you talked about this thing that's you
know
not nice to the gays and i'm like well
i'm sorry but that happened
yeah i'm sorry the queer panic defense
is a thing i mean like you know god
forbid like straight people feel
uncomfortable about shitty things that
they've done in history it's like okay
like you don't have to repeat that
though you could admit that there were
mistakes and move on like you don't have
to make it all about you
um yes so i actually got a question from
a patron today
asking me
um
it will be answered on fridays um
uh or thursdays ama
but um
uh i went for thursday because jesse's
doing one on friday
um but
they said i'm german and we've spent you
know my entire life learning about the
holocaust and everything we did to
jewish people and we never learned
anything about the gays
and then asked would you ever do a video
about that
and it just kind of clicked into me that
a video like pink's triangles
is so hidden by youtube that even
subscribers aren't seeing it yep
um
so obviously you know i'll let them know
that hey it's there go watch it you'll
have to click through i think it's four
yes i want to watch the screens and if
it like blocks you because you don't
want to give youtube your information or
anything it's on vimeo you can watch it
hearing like gay germans talk about that
video and especially in regards to
youtube burying it and it's like youtube
doesn't bury any
holocaust documentaries on youtube they
don't that they kind of all get no
because it's it's like as long as you're
not denying the holocaust yeah it's like
this is a safe ground so it's definitely
one of those one of these things is not
like the other sort of uh situation oh
my god there was such a sad story um
one of my patrons messaged me
and uh said that she watched the pink
triangle she she's jewish and her
grandmother was actually in the
holocaust
and her great uncle her grandmother's
brother was also in the holocaust but he
was taken first
and
um
he was gay
and she watched the video with her
grandmother who luckily survived her
great uncle didn't yeah and her
grandmother after watching it said i
never knew why he went first
and now she does
and i just kind of i cried a bit because
i was like that's like a 90-year closure
sort of thing well yeah and there's
there is a video
out there
that how is it that someone who survived
it who has
you know spent the last 70 years
reconciling it yeah didn't know that
this whole section of it happened that's
yeah and i we hear a lot about a lot of
german people saying that you know they
are they're in holocaust
holocaust
that is a there is a podcast a
right-wing podcast oh my god oh don't
even uh they're in like holocaust uh
history classes in german universities
and they do not cover any of the gay
stuff well yeah it's like they go into
detail about the jews they go into a
little bit of detail about the roma and
they're like and then some gays died
yeah
um
they also don't really talk about people
with disabilities
or black people even
like there were blacks yeah anyway
europe at the time yeah any any any any
people of color really yeah who didn't
fit uh hitler himmler and
their
their what was the other one i'm missing
goebbels
uh well goebbels was a propaganda
propaganda minister he didn't run any
camps in the club um um i'm not saying
that he was a good guy i think he didn't
write he didn't really fit their ethnic
definition of you know german perfection
yeah um because you know hitler was told
tucker carlson's
definition because you know hitler was
male perfection hitler was a looker and
so is tucker carlson you know perfection
i used to think tucker carlson was
really cute
like in around 2002 and three he was
like the conservative on a talk show on
cnn and
i think it was the bow ties or something
i thought he was really cute
i figured what he looks like and i'm
like he hasn't he's not that different
looking but i'm just like was he the one
who was it him or sean hannity who was
sitting there and had the fly crawling
on his face while he was uh that was
hannity hannity yeah lord of the flies
yeah vl's a bub yeah um
i think it was also him who said that um
hillary clinton and barack obama yes
sulfur yes no i think that was uh
the other one
the the the really sweaty one
right anyway uh alex jones i was gonna
say jim jones but no he was a cult
leader it wasn't him anyway going way
way way way back um last year was hard
um
and like 2020 also hard
it's just been a rough time like the
last couple of years i i just wanted to
like sort of retouch on you know like
the process of like just completely
losing touch uh with you know the pod
reality like things that didn't
explicitly make money or the things that
weren't money-making or self-care like
we kind of just had to throw those away
yeah uh well not throw them away but
they had to they they had to go by the
wayside yeah um
which sucks so can i get back into magic
the gathering someday
yeah like i want to get back into yeah i
miss it i really miss it like i wonder
if we could do like competitive streams
against each other or something
where i just flip the table because you
have stupid cards
you have more cards than me yeah but i
don't know how to make them work that's
why we need to sit down and build a deck
for you but every time i try to do that
you're like yeah just put some cards
together and i'm like james
but um
and then upcoming this weekend because
because for you would think like with
the patrons coming in with over 2 000
patrons now i'd be like
okay i can take a minute to breathe and
now i'm like no i'm basically going to
be putting out a video a week yeah
except during the summer where we're not
going to be doing any long videos
um just the slow the low videos we're
trying we're gonna try and go videos uh
pocket games
what i mean what i mean short videos
short videos um like the the one that
just came out the
secret crimes of grindelwald
um
and then this sunday there's going to be
a one about the graphic novel slash
netflix series heart stopper which i
read over the last two days i read all
of the graphic novels all four of them
and
i it's the cutest damn thing i've ever
read it is
so sweet
and just like
gay stories actually can be
innocent queer stories because there's
also a lesbian couple there's a
transgender character
um
and one thing i actually took a picture
of it the like jock rugby player
who the main characters kind of is in
love with
he has a little bit when he's sitting
down he's drawn with a little bit of a
belly
and i just loved that
so much
so that'll be coming out this sunday and
then i think the week after that will be
a video about nintendo
and then there'll be a week break
and then um
the video in nintendo's going to come
out on may 1st right or the first sunday
of may right yeah yeah so i think it's
may 4th
oh may the 4th oh we should have done
the star wars thing
i need to do that's another thing i need
to do a star wars thing um i'm doing a
uh kind of collect uh
video collection with some other
creators about one scene that gives you
hope
and
uh i've chosen the
the end of the last jedi
where you know
yeah the power the great powers that be
out in the universe they're not coming
to save you yeah but you know you have
the power resilience etc yeah um you you
you know scrappy resistance fighters
they're there because we pretend episode
nine doesn't exist so that whole thing
yeah
uh i mean honestly the end of episode is
a better ending for the franchise than
episode it is
sorry if you're kidding everything sorry
if you're not a fan of the last jedi but
you're wrong um
but uh so yeah there's a bunch of stuff
coming and then during the summer we're
only going to do the pocket gaze
because we're going to be shooting final
girl during the summer yeah
um and like you also wanted to make the
decision to turn vampire into a feature
film which i wanted to talk to you about
and i figured doing on the podcast is
the best of all
just because like uh confronting me in
front of an audience not confronting i'm
surprised like because i read a bit of a
breakdown i wrote a bit of a breakdown
uh just because jotting some sort of
plot beats down um
yeah we basically decided okay the two
short films final girl and vampire i
will take final girl because
slasher movies yeah and then you will
take vampire and final girl is staying
as a short film but i read nick's
breakdown of the first two acts of
vampire and i was like
this as a short film will feel rushed
and like but by all means like if you
wanted to keep being a short film but
that's the thing that's the thing i
budgeted it but did it uh it can be a
feature yeah um
very easily without breaking the telos
budgets okay um
and i think it should be
because
it's basically a movie about two people
yeah and i think giving it 90 minutes to
breathe
is
better yeah i i feel like as i was
writing it like a lot of a lot of my
storytelling in general is kind of
geared towards slower burns kind of yeah
digesting ideas which i think for the
thriller with tension is an emotional
thriller is better yeah
so like i i just wanted to start the way
i had a pace in my mind is like bear in
mind like this is me still thinking it
was going to be a short film while i was
writing it because i have no idea about
how long movies are
um
so i was kind of thinking like yeah this
will all fit i mean imagine if i was
trying to write this as a feature like
it would be like a novel yeah we will uh
so maybe do that maybe when it comes to
all of uh the um features that i work on
i'll just think of them like they're
short in their short films
so yeah i do need to replace this the
short film slot with something else
though so
uh yeah we can um
but yeah so
things have been crazy like this year
things have you know
lost and then a little cup some wins and
then more lost i did want to mention
sort of like you know the
you know the combination of like the um
the indiegogo was kind of like a breath
that was like okay we can do these
movies now yeah without the insur the
royal the royal think of canada
insurance uh the rbc insurance rbc life
insurance
uh deciding just to you know completely
screw the pooch and [ __ ] you over yeah
um that going like
the indiegogo gave us the opportunity to
be like
yeah we can do this yeah there is still
progress available for us that we're you
know it's
that and the thing that you were most
worried about with the insurance was
like how was my dad gonna survive how
how yeah how is your dad gonna you know
get by and it's like
the other day like you're talking to
your dad about something and you just
gave him some money well i didn't just
give him money but he was saying that he
had gotten a call from a credit card
company saying you know you haven't paid
since january which was when my mom
passed my mom took care of the bills
um
and they said you know forget how much
it was but you know x amount is owed
we're going to
lock the card if it's not paid by
saturday and he told me this and i just
paid it yeah so i was like dad i'm just
going to pay it off like i'm not going
to go i'm just i'm going to pay it off
and take care of it
and he was like
you can do that and i was like yeah yeah
so i will take care of it because of
patreon you can now kind of pick up i
can take care of my dad yeah for what
the insurance would have been doing so
this is kind of it really is amazing
yeah it's not giving him the lump sum he
would have had where he could pay off
the car and stuff like that so that he
wouldn't have as many bills to worry
about but i can help when he needs it
which is a big big big relief off my
shoulders i don't think he likes the
idea because he doesn't like the idea of
your kid helping you i mean like that
very old school thought process once
again like when it comes to people of a
certain age like that's kind of what the
social expectation needs to be it's like
you know like when your parents are in
your old age it's time for the kids to
take care of yeah like my dad is 69
years old
his back and neck have been broken he is
not super mobile
and he can't read or write
he's sorry i need i need to help you he
needs to you know learn to accept and my
half-sister is a [ __ ]
um
i know a lot of people don't like that
word but if oh the stories i could tell
the horrible things i mean you also come
from the most scott one of the most
scottish parts of canada so like
yeah so it's kind of a you know given
phrase my mom just to kind of throw it
out there
she
um spill that tea yeah i'm not gonna say
her name or anything but she um
i grew up with her as my sister up until
i was about well no sister like really
okay she came over all the time
like until i was about
five or six and she was graduating from
high school
um so considerably older oh yeah she was
way older she was from my dad's first
marriage
um
and uh
so
she when she was graduating from high
school um
my mom went out and bought her like this
like thousand dollar jacket for her to
take away to college with her
um
like my mom put money away for months
and months and months and months and
months and months and borrowed money to
buy this jacket for yeah yeah um
doing surgeries the thing with canadian
uh
well at least proms from where i am is
that there's a dance beforehand called
the grand march and it's where every all
the graduates basically walk around a
gym
and then they dance with if you're a guy
you dance with your mom if you're a girl
you dance with your dad sorry microphone
that sounds like such a weird it's very
old-fashioned but that's the way it
works
um
she decided
i don't want your jacket
and i'm taking my mom's boyfriend to
this dance
uh instead of her dad my dad um
so that broke my dad's heart she refused
to talk to him for years
um
there is no reasoning for this no one
knows like we have looked into this
there is no reasoning for her to be like
this uh later when she had a kid
she
showed up again
um because now she had a kid and she was
like oh you know you can you know be in
his life and stuff and my dad was super
excited oh he's gonna have a grandson
and stuff
and so
for the kids first christmas
um
my dad bought the kid a bunch of stuff
me and my mom bought a bunch of stuff
she
disappeared
before i disappeared before christmas
before he got any of it before the kid
got any of it disappeared and then
my father heard back
from someone else that we're related to
from her where she said yeah i don't
need them i don't we don't need their
stuff
and
later on did the same like this has been
like a repeating process but like she's
missing out on so much free stuff well i
know but this is a repeating process
with her like i don't understand
the thought process at all like i have
two nephews i've never met
um
wow
my dad has two grandchildren he's never
met
and
like the thing that's confusing to
everyone is my dad's not a bad guy
and we know for like a fact that there
was like nothing that he ever abused her
or anything yeah your dad seems way too
passive wait late and we know for like
she has said when because like my one of
my cousins asked her like what the hell
like
did he do something to you she's like no
i just don't need him
and it's like
and so like the assumption is that like
her mom
who
was my dad's first wife was very spurned
by my dad leaving her for a younger
woman
that she over the years kind of
poisoned
yeah
the thought process anyway yeah so
that's why the c word is justified um i
mean my mom and this is funny about like
you know i apologize for using it for
anyone who is the
sensitive to that uk mindset growing up
like the c word um i love saying it it's
one of my favorite words but out of
respect for others
um so it was it was a that is
specifically like women specifically are
very kind of
put off by it and it's like one of the
go-to words for gay men so that's
problem
um and i'm as i'm learning one of the
more um
universally acknowledged terms uh that
trans men use
oh yeah yeah i see that um it's
apparently it's more masculinizing than
a lot of other words oh yeah then like
[ __ ] or something
um
vagina um
a little amy schumer humor there for you
before she gets cancelled again uh she
was canceled already again from the
oscars she did something
oh you don't remember uh she was going
to make a joke about how right don't
look up uh more like don't look down the
barrel of alec baldwin's shotgun and
it's like amy
yeah the producers actually like were
like let's not do that yeah and then she
said it after like you know producers
are like amy we don't want to get you
canceled and she's like fine well i'm
going to cancel myself yeah i'll do it
i'll do it myself
uh i don't really have an opinion on amy
schumer but that's just like um
i am neutral negative probably net
negative just on her like i don't have
any positive opinions but i've heard a
couple negative things i don't care
enough about her yeah honestly
um but um
but yeah like my mom started dating so i
was going to say something no seriously
um
my mom started dating a guy from the uk
it's now she throws it around all the
time
me growing up where i was no swear word
was off limits
honestly the only swear word that i
never heard
was [ __ ]
from anyone in my family anyone in the
circle i heard that one never heard it i
heard fruit fruit was the one they went
for like
oh yeah he's a bit of a fruit i i've
never
once heard
the f word
yeah in its full form uh referring to
you know
i never heard that described
specifically as an insult at queerness
queer people or specifically you know i
got bullied for being gay
before i knew i was gay before anyone
really in elementary school when no one
had a sexuality i got bullied for being
gay i want an elementary height of
sexuality
it was like you know i did
you're special if you read my
autobiography that might be coming out
but like i only ever heard it used as a
derogative against random people it was
never specifically targeting queerness
which is weird uh also one of my
favorite slurs um
so i never use that word
i get worried that when i do you get
uncomfortable i don't get uncomfortable
and like i'm not even really offended by
it i just
it's not a word i use
um
for some reason i don't know why
uh i just love slurs
but yeah just i i have grown up in a
very sweary environment so the fact that
i can actually like specifically queer
slurs they're all so fun
yeah
we have very colorful slurs against us
like carpet muncher ah
what
the british budget fudge back fudge
packer great one
puff like what
the cream puff chris puff comes
from what like that's so fantastic oh i
think i get the cream puffs yeah it's
it's because
yeah
no that makes sense
um
but yeah so it's been a crazy couple of
months oh and there was the book that
was supposed to happen oh my gosh that
last year in 2021
which
part of my brain is like oh that was
only like a couple of weeks ago no that
was four months ago um i am we were
approached by a publisher in canada who
wanted to take the video essays and turn
them into a book of essays they were
very very excited the editor was very
excited she she has been very nice the
entire time but apparently the the
editor's above her i'm not mad at her
i'm not at the you know
the editors above her have been like
dragging their feet and dragging their
feet
and
i'm just like
maybe i'll just self-publish a book of
essays
because i love the idea of it because
i've always always wanted to be an
author but i have such a hard time
writing fiction the problem with this is
because i write i like the i
my writing style is very condensed and i
feel like fiction isn't worth reading
if it's not a certain page count
and
like i have several books that are in
the 30 to 40 000 word range
um
that i just can't finish because i'm
like oh god i gotta get them to a
hundred thousand that's so much
um i mean like most self most books are
like within the forty to eighty thousand
word range no no no no the first harry
potter book is eight is a hundred
thousand words
really yeah and yet self-publishing and
yet professional publishing is pushing
for y a authors to be under forty
thousand
not under forty three i heard that's a
novella
well yeah like i am um
it's under 80 000. okay because i was
reading about uh one author who
had a book that was 50 000. the
publisher came back and said we need to
we do you can you do it in less words
well i know the the authors i follow
their books are not short um and they
write queer why a and stuff so
but um
so i'm i'm bad at writing fiction most
of the fiction ideas you're bad at
writing prose like should say because
you're good at screenplays well yeah
like and it's not that i'm bad at
writing prose it's just i skip over a
lot of stuff that authors don't like i
skip over a lot of detail that i feel
like is ancillary and i'm all about it
that doesn't mean you're bad at right at
writing that like because that is a
style of book yeah i write like what
happens and what people say what someone
looks like what they're wearing what
something tastes like i'm like that i
don't care um
and that's why things so like the books
that i've written i would like to turn
them into movies because
the books that i've half-written but
writing my autobiography
my memoir memoirs um is actually going
really well and i think it's because i
can write in that just sort of
off-the-cuff really quick
way
and get a lot of story told really
quickly
um so i think i am going to actually
like finish that because there's stories
worth hearing in there can i tell you
just how
frustrated i am with that publishing
process
um just like getting started traditional
publishing well like the thing like
getting approached by an agent when we
put out the china video that's when
she's an agent an editor an editor uh
that's when she approached us
um and you know um so that was no very
grateful for her and her interests and
all the work she's put into this but
like catherine she she's been she's been
wonderful and very very sweet it's like
whoever is managing it the kind of
counsel behind the people above her the
people like there's like a board of
directors yeah the decision makers at
the at the publisher and it's just this
is because she really was excited about
it this is such an inefficient process
yeah we could have had this
in the barrel by now well yeah the book
could have been finished because we were
going to write extra chapters for it
obviously book exclusives and i'm glad
you told us told me to wait to write
those things until you got any
confirmation back because like although
no we'd have videos yeah you could make
because now like it's the amount of time
we've been like kind of just twiddling
our thumbs and sticking our hands on
this like
it's been ridiculous like
it's it's been
and apparently getting ghosted by uh
that's the thing
is not
common a lot of people are approached by
uh editors
and even when when they have agents
going through agents yeah they're
approached by editors they go through
months and months and months of back and
forth with editors and then just they
disappear they disappear and it's like
that like when you're looking at author
is my chosen field that i want to do it
is so discouraging that it's such a slap
in the face i mean it happens in
hollywood all the time oh yeah like you
people will take a meeting with you to
talk about your screenplay so they can
write off lunches and business but i
mean like that's also been part of the
tradition of hollywood and when you go
into screenwriting and stuff you can you
know that you countermand that when you
go into that because every time you meet
that development executive yeah now you
got their phone number yeah and like and
i i love i love the culture of that
because like when you go to meet that
executive development that he's doing
just for a free lunch don't sell your
script sell yourself
yeah because then if the script if
they're like not interested in all in
your script and then they're like [ __ ]
we need someone to rewrite the
transformers movie yeah it's like oh
this guy actually is a really good
writer let's hire him yeah and then you
have a job and you have a job and it's
all about selling yourself not the
property yeah because hollywood is a
business of friends yeah it it it isn't
it is it it isn't a profession it isn't
a professional industry it's a business
of friends well yeah it's hollywood is a
very small town yeah it's how it's
described
um small town in a big city
but hollywood though oh yeah hollywood
but l.a
but like hollywood the movie-making
industry is a small town it's a
neighborhood everybody knows each other
yeah everybody who works on movies knows
each other and that's why it's like if
you're someone who's below the line like
if you're not like a christian bale and
you piss someone off you do something
rude you show up late everybody knows
about it yeah um
but if you're if you're easy to get
along with everybody knows that too well
yeah it's like you need the two out of
the three things you have to be great
or easy to get
great great easy to get along with and
punctual and punctual you only knew up
to three you only need two yeah and you
will keep people around if you're all
three
then
you're me huh
no i don't know how easy to get along
with a long way to get along with so i'm
i'm easy to get along with and i have
moments of exceptionalness moments
punctuality though yes that's the one i
don't have you're late to the meetings
that you scheduled i am leaning into the
other two very heavily
one thing i am good with i think i'm
punctual to a fault i am early and i
have a problem with that putting videos
out early and then one thing that i am
good with i think this matters more than
like being on time to like meetings i'm
good with deadlines
yeah if i give you a deadline you do
meet the deadline yeah um
whereas with me
i i i don't like saying that it's like
oh i'm exceptional like i think i'm
relatively easy to get along with um
you have your moments no one in film
school who was in my group left my group
so that's kind of my
and the people i made movies with in in
like high school i'm still like
if not like close friends with them we
still talk yeah so it's like you're good
at networking
well no i think i i mean like i mean
that in the most cold corporate way
possible like that's kind of why i don't
think i'm good at networking that's kind
of what that skill is um i keep getting
messages on linkedin from like
production companies across canada
who are like hi i'm i do this thing and
one of them was from australia and i was
suddenly like oh could i move to
australia i don't want to move to
australia i love australia i love
australia really expensive it's
expensive and bugs
yeah a lot of bugs and weird large
things large large bugs and adorable
things that will kill you and
the most dangerous like i love the
charts it's like you know australians
what people think i'm afraid of it's
crocodiles and spiders and snakes it's
like what i'm actually afraid of a
magpie
oh they're vicious there have you ever
seen videos of people getting attacked
by magpies and no i have a favor of
birds bagpies yeah don't we're not going
to australia then because magpies will
swoop down and go for your eyes
they are very terri
european magpies different story they
are wonderful gregarious little crows
they're
relatively friendly but like they're
very smart and intelligent um
uh australian magpies are very
intelligent but they will also murder
you if they could like and they follow
you like blocks away like i've had i've
had a fear of
birds since i was very little my
my i was i can't remember if i was with
my mother or if it was just a story she
was eating a hot dog and in sitting in
the car with the door down and a seagull
flew in the window grabbed the hot dog
out of the bun and pulled it out and
flew away i saw a video of a seagull
swallowing a live baby rabbit
in the wild like just you know like
picking it up
yeah seagull goals never never once but
then at the same time and like i'm still
kind of like even like seagulls i'm
still like i don't go around them um but
like rogue
rose crows ravens blue jays like corvids
all three those all three of those
things yeah it's like i'm totally fine
with them they seem chill they're
respectful
but magpies are also corvettes so like
you know australia different rules yeah
australia different rules like if if a
koala grew up in north america it would
not be
that evil
it's funny talking about people from
australia they're talking about north
america it's like yeah you guys are
afraid of our animals but like you've
got grizzly bears and cougars and like i
have pet cougars oh i have pet black
bears
like i'm not afraid of large betty white
had a pet grizzly bear yeah like
like colors are pretty docile things
when they're not hungry pictures of it's
like wolves russians with their pet
bears yeah but it's like it's like
wolves you wolves are if they're not
hungry they're not like their dog's
gonna tear your throat out yeah and that
was one thing as a kid sorry keep
bumping my cable um as a kid i was
petrified like even petrified because i
had a german shepherd german shepherd
mix because my parents were like oh he's
a little boy he should have a dog so
when i was like three i had a german
shepherd mix because he was kind of
weird
and was like she she her
i can't remember i don't know like do
dogs have gender who knows i'm pretty
sure
his name i had named him brutus so i'm
assuming that it was a boy um but one
day out in the snow he just glommed onto
the top of my head and the only reason
like
like i wasn't just bleeding profusely
was because of the the snow cap i had on
um
so then you know he was taken to the
spca or whatever um but so because of
that i was petrified of dogs if a dog
was walking down the street i would
cross the street my dog was the first
one that really kind of no no he wasn't
the first one there was um when i was in
business because you're still a little
bit freaked out about bear when you were
at my place yeah
like when his first year of business
school our neighbors got a golden
golden lab
um
and
he was super duper sweet he was such a
nice dog but i would still only go near
him because he was on a leash
so that i was still very like hesitant
um your dog bear was the first one that
i was okay with not on a leash and now
i'm like i want a pit bull
i want a doberman desensitization theory
uh therapy yeah um what are we talking
about before this i have no idea we
should end the podcast here though it's
almost an hour um
sorry for the just completely
random rambling for an hour i didn't
want to talk more about like the
upcoming telus projects but i guess we
can do that in its own podcast
well the upcoming one so we've got final
girl
that's shooting this summer and will be
out in october
we've got mystery short film mystery
short film that will be out in early
and then
uh she comes at night is due next
which will be
spring of 2023 i think
um
and nothing is really
hard scheduled after that
i mean we could probably put a hard
schedule on the now feature vampire
i don't know no no
um
i don't know or i guess it's smart to
just not to over clock ourselves until
we get some yeah
like i think
two shorts and a series slash feature
is uh
and on top of all of the stuff we have
planned for youtube which is now three
videos a month and honestly like with uh
just like how the kind of way i want to
approach vampire through like subtlety
and like visual storytelling it would be
nice to have a little bit more
experience with smaller projects before
i really launched into that exactly
because like i want it to be a little
bit like
thematically ambitious because final
girl i am very comfortable with because
like casting robin in the lead role who
i've been friends with robin for years
she's a great actress
meet robin we should i would need
another microphone we have we have so
many so many microphones james um i just
bought two microphones specifically for
the podcast so hopefully they sound good
yeah um i mean they sound good in my
ears yeah
but um like i've worked with robin she's
a fantastic actress she's been acting
classes so she's even better now than
she was when i last worked with her um
and i know she and her acting classes
hasn't done anything with them like she
and i work together really well yeah and
i know that doing horror that's kind of
my bag and so i'm like i'm very
comfortable with the idea of final girl
so that's like that's why that's the
first one that's
you know because it's like my safety
blanket movie
and then after that
i cut like i kind of for the second
short film i kind of want to come up
with something that is just bat [ __ ]
like completely out of my comfort zone
like something like a period piece
taking place in greece especially
because like i don't know if you'd be
able to pull that no but i'm just saying
like something completely out there
let's see if i can pull it we went over
the roster and we're like is this too
horror heavy like
and it is it is very horrible because
even like she comes at night isn't a
horror movie
but it's close to one yeah like same
feels going in there yeah
so you know it's it's it wouldn't be
i think
dissimilar from like a seven yeah so
like i think we should take some time to
sort of like sit down and kind of ponder
about things that don't necessarily need
to be horror because
star isn't horror no no star is more um
romance almost romance no personal
discovery
um
i think just like genre music star is
discovered to be transgender dropped by
her label moves home and finds out that
uh her label sucks but her fans are
still there
spoilers it's a short film
there's no spoilers for a short film
but that's sort of the future of telos
sorry james is triggered by people
calling for spoiler warnings so i really
am god it pisses me off
uh like i think that's even why you
don't like you know disclaimers at the
beginning of books because like it tells
you what's in the book well yeah like um
uh what are they called content warnings
content warnings yeah like i
put a content warning at the beginning
of the killing stalking video
i think that's the only one i think the
hannibal video because we talk about
similar like abusive relationships sort
of situations there i don't know that
was so much a content warning is just
kind of a general maybe
thing yeah i like to keep my content
like uh i i put oh and i did one at the
beginning of uh the queer panic video
yeah because i was like you know what no
this
needs it um i remember having a bit of a
debate when putting a content warning in
front of gentlemen's club yeah i still
don't think there should be a content
warning in front of that honestly i
don't
either but a lot of the content warning
there is kind of just discussing that
hey like kind of
preemptively having a discussion about
like you know like there's gender
related content in here i know this is a
bit of a hot button here are my
intentions for this yeah please don't
come for me um and it's basically i i i
the thing that sold you was like i'd
rather have this discussion here than in
the comment sections on twitter
yeah yeah um
it's like with the latest video the the
rowling one i've gotten not called out
but a lot of people have pointed a lot
of asexual people have kind of come
forward pointing out like i know you
were quoting rowling in the video but i
wish you had
kind of made that clearer yeah and
that's on me because i take
the ridiculousness of that uh for
granted from rowling that dumbledore
became asexual yeah um
like even when you're younger and like
kind of screwing around to see what fits
you kind of always have a disdain for
sex so it's never something that really
just happens it's uncomfortable not
having in general or as an asexual
person okay
it's it's let's say like oh i can't ever
have sex and you just sort of realize
yeah i'm comfortable not having it yeah
and i mean even even that i think that
was just
her uneducated yeah wording yeah um and
like i honestly which is probably
probably giving her way too much credit
but i i know i i i'm
just because someone is trash in one
area doesn't mean that everything they
are is trash like she's allowed to sort
of be distant there but like you know i
think i think it's he here's one coming
up he's kind of checking all the boxes
lately yeah but i think that when it
comes to that we need to distinguish
someone's actual problematicness from
inference and other things like there
are plenty of reasons that jk rowling's
given us to you know indicate that she's
as trash as she is we don't need to like
dig into other things that are kind of
on the fence uh focus on things that
she's actually doing and this i feel
this way about all people it's like you
know like if you don't like this person
not everything they say is terrible we
need to focus on specific things and i
do want to say like anyone who's
listening who has kind of pointed that
out to me in the comments please no i'm
not frustrated or anything like that
like because like i appreciate
i especially appreciate it because no
one has been like antagonistic about it
which is a much nicer reaction than with
the shipping video
uh yeah and like um but like i've talked
to some of the people who were
frustrated with the shipping video
and like they've kind of voluntarily
given me like a big description of like
what the how they
felt was what what they felt was wrong
with it and stuff like that and i'm like
i really appreciate this because now i
have this
like going forward for context and stuff
so
the shipping video i'm i i liked a lot
of the content we put out in that one i
love that video but like i do feel like
there did need to be a little bit more
sensitivity probably there which is
mostly on me for for that
um
especially i i mean i i should have you
know
been more clear
and like double checked like gender and
stuff like that i think that that was
the shipping video that was in the
period when we were just trying to rush
them out as fast as possible yeah
because the shipping one especially
was coming out
i think the shipping one came out
well we needed to get something out to
make money because youtube was just like
i think that was the first one after the
um banana fish banana fish video so we
needed to that was emergency mode so
that's why a lot of it it was rushed
yeah um i think a lot of our points were
very
valid
um you know to bring up i just wish that
we had taken the time to kind of go over
it a little bit more and not been in
panic mode to write the entire thing
yeah and that's one thing that i'm very
grateful for is that going forward the
way we kind of have it is that basically
nick has
a whole month now to write the videos
and not he's not you know you're not the
only person writing yeah yeah
um but like i'll i'll be helping with
shorter ones and i them to focus on the
longer ones yeah and so even though
we're putting out three videos a month
um
most months
it's not overwhelming yeah yeah and it
gives me something to focus on while i'm
twiddling my thumbs yeah um because
that's been a bit of a problem is like i
do a lot of the writing and you do like
all the editing stuff so like yeah and
then when i start editing it's not like
okay you know i'm gonna start editing on
monday and hopefully done on friday i'm
just like no 20 hour days just sitting
at final cut so like you know like
there's not really much break that i
have between one video and the next
because as soon as i finish writing one
video
um i get basically have to go into the
next one because you just edit that
quickly so yeah and i mean nick is going
to be there is going to be
a break given to nick because for the
last year and a half you have not gotten
a vacation
so the last few months i've been in
constant i've been in burnout mode for
about a month now so i really need so
for may and june
nick is going to be taking
his two months vacation because
as a let's let's just say the telos
umbrella um everyone gets two months
paid vacation
um i don't know when mine's gonna be
but you know
the employee
i mean like only one right less than
vacation it would be really cool if we
could actually
i need a mental health leave so mostly
so i can figure out how to learn a um
how to write fiction again fiction again
specifically screenplays i need to
figure out how to write those but like
work on you focus on your books yeah i i
i feel bad today i mean i talked i
mentioned this i feel bad because i
wanted to sit down to sort of be like i
have a short story idea sort of clinging
around to my head i'm gonna see if i can
judge anything nothing yeah like i just
i no ideas were coming out and part of
that is because i'm going through it
it's a short story it has to do with
lettuce i don't know what it spells what
you're supposed to write um
it's about a guy who is uh living in the
past and the future in the same time and
he does he's not sure whether he's
living in the future and look and
getting flashbacks or whether he's
living in the past and getting
proficient
we have a sound board sorry i just
discovered that this has a sound board
oh yeah james
this is how disinterested he was and
what i was talking about this is how he
signals
[Applause]
[Music]
okay um sorry what were you saying just
um you know
lettuce is
and we'll probably grow after the
apocalypse so
james stop will it
i don't know like that's this felt main
character's reasoning for why he eats oh
right yeah you explained
okay so
but yeah i tried to read some of that i
was so discouraged because my head is
like full of fuzz and i think it's
partly because i'm on like a video game
hangover i woke up today and felt
literally hungover james don't touch
that sound board
[Laughter]
um
[Music]
yeah so like i was just really
discouraged and i felt really really bad
and cause like i i'd love to be able to
just be able to write on call but i
haven't written any fiction
from
i don't think it's february yeah and so
i'm i'm discouraged
well
you're going to have two months to
encourage yourself
encourage not re-courage
um
while i
work on movie stuff
can't wait to start casting
discovered some
that i can rent a room at the library
for casting i'm so excited to get that
um
yeah so we'll end the podcast here the
initial episo the inaugural episode of
the
um james nick and james patron pod
and patron cast no that's dumb i like
patron pod patron pod
patron
padre pantry um
padreon
um
well that's that's what this is the
padre padreon okay oh my god
thank you guys for listening thank you
so much for being patrons i love you all
um these will be a regular occurrence
coming out every tuesday
um
uh next time we'll actually have a topic
and not just ramble there's a bunch of
topics on the whiteboard um and if you
have anything you'd love to hear us talk
about let me know in the comments
because i would love to talk about stuff
that you want to hear me talk about i
mean honestly i'm the one who's better
at talking about something forever
so yeah there's a lot of times it's like
we have this podcast idea like you're
like i can't talk about that and i'm
like yeah i can though yeah and then
like an hour and 20 minutes later i'm
like i'm gonna have to cut some stuff
out of this
but uh
again thank you so much for listening
thank you for being patrons you are
amazing you basically saved us a massive
headache and giving us a huge
opportunity to you saved our lives like
i with how pa with how youtube was going
i i was going to have to
go find a corporate marketing job where
i would be selling people things they
really don't want and that's a very
depressing job that's a depressing job
so thank you guys so much
we are going to put out lots of stuff um
to
like a movie club and a book club and
there's going to be a bunch of stuff um
imagine having like what like 20 000
patreon patrons and then like like
contra point says 10 000 patrons i was
trying to sub tweet her but you know
like talking she puts she has 10
thousand patrons and like it's taking
her five months to edit this new video
because she has like something like
eight months since her last video she
has like five terabytes of like footage
and i'm like girl get organized yeah i
just i tweeted at her i was like what
codec are you filming in like cause i
think what she does is computer
she films all of these things separately
because she's doing a debate
but she's probably editing off of an
external
hard drive just reverse engineering this
pro this method i love that which makes
rendering and near impossible
and also
ssds getting ssds that big are difficult
from the sounds of it it also seems like
she's not record she's not recording
them sequentially she's recording all of
the lines completely separately
and so like she it seems like she needs
to basically jigsaw it together
and there are way more
efficient ways to get that done so
anyway i'm throwing i'm spilling tea on
this you know production method of hers
but
yeah
i mean i can't wait for the video but
whatever it ends up being um but yeah
anyway end of podcast for this week
um episode one thank you guys so much
for listening my name is james i'm nick
j no no james stop i'll see you again
next time stop no
you're unbelievable